##== Instruments ==##

Epics PV Archiver Instruments

Instruments are collections of PVs that can be thought of as a single
group.  Examples of instruments are the settings for an amplifier, a
detector, or group of motors that make up a sample stage.  For each
of these cases, you may want to know what all the PV values were
at a particular time, and optionally to "restore" the settings to a
previous set of values.

This is the role of an Instrument in the Epics PV Archiver.

== Instrument naming and hierarchy ==

Instruments are categorized with two names, a "Station Name" and an "Instrument Name".
This allows some separation of roles, and provides some hierarchy for finding Instruments.
Each of the two names is a regular string.  Generally, the Station Name will be shorter,
but this is not necessary.

In addition, each Instrument contains a list of named "Positions".  Instrument Positions are
simply named timestamps which can be used to later get the values of all the PVs in the Instrument
for this position.

Important Note:: The PV values are not stored themselves when naming a Position.  Rather the
TimeStamp is used to look up Archived Values.  This has a few consequences:

 As PVs are added / subtracted to an Instrument, existing Position names do not become
     meaningless, but do retain the meaning of "where were all these PVs at this time?".
 If defining an instrument with PVs that are not currently being archived, it may take a 
     minute before the Archive Process actually starts recording that PV.
 If PVs are moving very fast, or have long "Archiving Deadtimes", the saved timestamp
     may be slightly out-of-date.

== Defining a new Instrument ==

The <<Instruments Page>> allows to choose from a list
of existing stations or to create a new station.  Once a Station is chosen,
you can choose from a list of existing Instruments or add a new instrument
to this station.

 To add a new instrument, you can enter an Instrument Name, description, and enter
a list of PVs.  The definition of an instrument can be modified later, so that PVs can
be added or removed later.  There is no limit on how many PVs can make up an
Instrument.

When you define an instrument, all the PVs in that instrument are given an initial
"Related PV score", so they will all appear as related to one another.

 Selecting an Instrument will show a page where you can

 Save the current position by name.
 Lookup a position by date.
 view a list of currently named positions.
 view and modify the list of PVs that make up this instrument.

From this page you can also "Manage Positions" which will be discussed below.

== Named Instrument Positions and Looking up and Restoring Positions ==

To save the current position of an instrument, simply type the name of the position
and hit 'Save'.  You can also save an old position, by looking it up by date.

Choosing one of the named positions (or looking up a position by date) will bring up a
page that shows the archived values and the current values for each PV in the
instrument. 

In addition, You can generate an IDL script, a Python script, or a Save/Restore file
that you can use to restore the position settings.

== Managing (hiding, deleting) Instrument Positions ==

Selecting "Manage Positions" from the Position list will bring up a list of all named
positions for an instrument.  For each of these, you can change the status to one of
'Active', 'Hidden', or 'Delete Forever'.

Here, an 'Active' Position is one currently in use, and that shows up on
the main list of Positions.  A 'Hidden' Position is currently not in use,
and does not show up on the main list of Positions, and so cannot easily be
viewed or restored.  This is useful if you want to temporarily disable some
settings for an Instrument, but may want to return to these settings later.

In addition, you can delete a position forever, which really will erase
it.

