------------------------------------------------------------------
This describes general usage of the pvarch program to control the
PVarchiving processes.  Note that two processes will be running:

 o  the caching process connects to the Epics PVs and caches the
    current values of PVs to a simple database.

 o  the archiving process archives values of PVs by reading the  
    cache and saving data to archive tables.

------------------------------------------------------------------
pvarch takes the following arguments:

  pvarch help     
     shows a list of commands  
 
  pvarch status 
     shows a brief report indicating whether the archiving is
     running, and how many recent inserts there have been
               
  pvarch check
     returns the number of archived PVs in the past 10 minutes.
     This can be used effectively in scripts to detect problems.

  pvarch start 
     start the archiving process

  pvarch stop
     stop archiving

  pvarch restart
     force a restart of the archiving process
                 
  pvarch next
     rotate the archive database to the next sequential database.
     This is recommended periodically to keep each 'archive run'
     reasonably small.  Data retrieval will automatically access 
     multiple archives as needed. 
    
  pvarch add_pv
     add one or more PVs to the cache and archive.  If more than
     one PV are given, the "pair score" for the two PVs will also
     be set, so that these will be shown as "related PVs"

  pvarch add_pvfile
     add a file listing PV to the cache and archive.  This is
     similar to adding all the PVs with
         pvarch add_pv XXX.VAL YYY.VAL

     Multiple PVs may be specified on a line (separated with a
     space or comma), which will cause the "pair score" for all 
     pairs of PVs to be set, making them "related PVs".

  pvarch drop_pv
     remove a PV from the cache and archiving process.  Existing
     archived data will not be erased, and the entries for it
     will remain in the archive data table.  However, no more
     data will be collected for this PV, and it will not be
     included in the next data table.

     To add a dropped pv back to the database, use add_pv.

  pvarch list
     prints a list of recent data archive databases

  pvarch save
     save databases to gzipped ASCII files that can later be 
     loaded to reproduce database.  The cache, master, and
     current data archive are always saved (as for simple 
     backups).  Other databases can be saved by listing them
     on the command line. 

  pvarch cache start
     start the caching process

  pvarch cache stop
     stop the caching process

  pvarch cache restart
     restart the caching process

  pvarch cache status
     print the status information of the caching process,
     including the number of PVs updated in the past minute.
   
  pvarch cache activity
     print more detailed information of the caching process,
     including a list of all PVs updated in the past minute.

------------------------------------------------------------------
